I never imagined that an ordinary walk in park would become one of the most terrifying moments of my life.
It happened so quickly that I barely had time to understand what was happening. One moment I was walking alone, and the next, someone grabbed me from behind. I was thrown off balance by getting hit on head by something hard/heavy, and forced to the ground before I could react. My heart raced as I realized this wasn't a robbery—it was something far worse causing me to shiver and made me reaction less for some minutes as i was in shock... but i didn't yelled or screamed nor i hit him because there was something else that came in my mind at that time.
The man pinned me down and tried to overpower me, he was on me with his pants and underwear already down...he was either half naked already or dropped of  his clothes but his penis and testicles were exposed in front of me and he was really erected at that time.
I acted as if i am fainted but in reality i was faking it to fool him so that i can flip the tables against him and teach him a lesson....As he tried to penetrate his penis inside me i opened my eyes and from my left hand i grabbed some dust to throw in his eyes while with my right hand I grabbed his testicles, then squeezed them with my full force and twisted them to by pulling stretching them....He started screaming and yelling with in agony trying to remove my hand but he failed. I kept squeezing them with full force with my right hand while with my left hand I grabbed his penis and pinched and twisted it then with same left hand i pressed my sharp nails on his penis that resulted in bleeding from shaft of penis .....this pain was enough to make him faint and this was the time when he fell down in front of me.
I knew I can run now as I am free now or call police but I wasn't done yet.....
As he was laying down in front of me taking deep breath and out of his senses partially unconscious....
I took benefit from the situation and did what such rapists deserves....
I didn't called police instead I started kicking him in his balls with full force....he screamed in pain but of course he could't do anything as when a man is hit in groin he is the most weakest thing to exist.....
After 20-25 kicks to his balls, his penis ejaculated thick load of cum(sperm/semen)...... i took out a cloth piece from my bag and put that cloth in his mouth so that no one can hear his scream because what i was gonna do next was very brutal and extreme act of violence but these rapists deserve this treatment......
Anyways after that i sat down on my knees and took out paper cutter from my purse and chopped of his penis from his body.....
He twisted and writhed in unbearable pain, desperately trying to scream, but his cries were muffled by the cloth tightly stuffed into his mouth. He was too weak to resist or even move properly. Overwhelmed by the intense pain, he lay helpless, barely conscious, and slipping in and out of awareness.
lastly i stomped his both testicles with my joggers with full force that resulted in exploding them both or simply bursted...
there was blood all over and he was almost dead but the justice was served..