    'I didn\'t panic. I struck him forcefully in the groin with a back kick , he stepped back as he was not expecting it.he was still shock that what happened and this was time when I took advantage of him getting shock by taking one step back, then with full force and anger my  foot draw backed a bit, then come rocketing up between his legs. My foot hit the penis, pushing up into his balls, then flattened them against his body. As the top of my foot struck his balls there was a sound like a loud thump, then for a moment nothing, and suddenly pain washed over his face. He immediately crumpled to the floor, struggling to breathe, in absolute agony. I was not so sure, the pain was just too much or not or he was faking it because he was still standing stall and was in his senses which was not favorable for me, so I decided not to stop instead I did what was necessary……I implemented  The Tactical Claw, Squeeze & Twist technique that I learned….moved forward and with my right hand I grabbed his testicles in my wrist …. I could feel his nuts compressing as I continued to rub my fingers over his jewels and slowly squeeze them. They were almost elastic in my hand, responsive to pressure, but oddly resilient. The sensation must have been intense for him, as he was twitching and shuffling around a lot more… His breathing was growing heavier as I increased the grip I had on his nuts…… I smirked and laughed at his body but immediately tensed up and and stand up but reflexively while I increased pressure down on his trapped testicles harder and harder, feeling them start to warp their shape as my fingers pressed into them….he groaned, his body trembled in pain, he screamed a bit and started to loose his body and now the control was in my hand……..i could have leave and run because I know that he want be able to get up for 30-40 mins but I exactly knew what I was doing as these rapists ,harassers and molesters deserve no mercy…….anyways as hi balls were in my strong grip  quickly adjusted my grip on his aching balls, squeezing them harder than I ever had before. The sight of his face contorted in a mask of pure excruciating pain, as I increased the strength of my grip I felt a delightful thrill of power as I kept squeezing harder and harder, causing him to scream and cry out in pain…..I really enjoyed and this is why I did not stop there…… I forcefully squeezed and violently rotated my wrist 180 degrees downward, outward, and sideways, He screamed in agony, cried, and struggled violently……….but of course that was all he can …………I left the grip myself and went away with pride, confidence and feeling of victory ',
